Added mapflag specialpopup (#8365)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

This command requires packet version 2017-11-22 or newer.

---------------------------------------

> *specialpopup(<popup id>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*specialpopup(<popup id>);
```

> *specialpopup(<popup id>);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*specialpopup(<popup ID>);
```

> Open popup or/and show chat text by id from list configured in file spopup.lub
> Popup and text visible only if player warped from one map to another map with different name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open popup and/or show text by ID from list defined in the client spopup.lub file.
Popup and text is only visible if the player warped from one map to another map.
```
